"We are looking at this book for so many months. It didn't come somehow, it delayed, it delayed.
And it supposedly comes these early weeks, but then it came today, this really book.
This book is the Kenkyi Pati Sherab Rinpoche's commentary on the Tārā, Praise to the Twenty-One T
ārās.
That commentary, we revise it under the title, as maybe you see, "Invisible Determination of the
Princess Yeshe Dawa."
That's under the title of the book. And I had also the opportunity to see his ordinal manuscript by
the very hand ratings.
So I really looked at that, and then, also with other texts, and so combined together with the
assistance of our Sangha member,
member Pete De Niro and Bea Mataji, and all the other many Sangha members who really helped us.
It's mentioned in the whole world, or ethnology, so that now we really put out this poem in honor
and memory to the Kenkyi Pati Sherab Rinpoche,
as well as all the lineage masters, and then more than that, and then we wish, by the bless of the
great Mother Tārā,
that we all have really long life, joy, peace, happiness, love, realization for ourselves, and as
well as for the world.
There's no more wars, no more sufferings, commandments, drugs, all those things.
It really is a complete despair, and it brings the beautiful abundance of the Golden Age
opportunity to be back to the world, really, really sincerely,
and then also to scroll the Buddha teachings. And just for every good purpose, really, we do this.
So I'm very excited and happy to show this. This is the front cover, and this is the back side, and
so they say,
"Thank you, everyone."
- Thank you. - Thank you.